hello everyone this is al die and
welcome to my newest let's play we will
be playing the Kree on conquest and
here's the general storyline in 1999 so
you know nine years ago the Kree on
Empire robot battalion descended upon
the earth and brought the planet to the
brink of destruction the korean empire
demanded the immediate and unconditional
surrender of the world when planet earth
refused the crayon Empire started a
massive general attack Tran Empire set
up a large base set up large bases at
points all over the world which they
sent out their robots the robot hordes
and tact indiscriminately well that's
good they're not raised system you know
you get enough racism for me as it is
their power was overwhelming because of
the archons they had no wait okay let's
see even the most advanced armaments in
the world blah blah blah okay when the
advanced tournament the most advanced
armaments in the world fail to destroy
robots from space in the future that is
actually the past that look like megaman
enemies what are you going to do what
can you rely on well the answer is
obvious I'm sure you see where this is
going
it's a witch burn our oh wait it's an
episode of dragon ball z ok so the which
was actually held in the staff that
makes no sense whatsoever I am francesca
and that's really all the intro we need
that we're a witch named Francesca
fighting robots from space in the future
that's actually the past we get a little
trippy spin out thing and it's basically
Megaman with one key difference you
start with all your weapons I don't know
if you lose them at some point I haven't
done that much of a preview play you can
still charge your weapon your magical
shepherd's crook of doom and you slowly
fall between screens which gets kind of
annoying now when I was test playing
this the first time I had no idea how to
get past this guy besides exceptional
timing that's when i realized i had my
weapons so that's right you go three
rails and Bank it into the corner pocket
it's always good to charge up your
weapon before you free fall to your
death because you never know what oh
yeah I was trying to do it to deal
with that guy but uh no it didn't work
that way now one thing is that to get
your weapon to charge you do hold down
be but you've got actually should and it
will go through multiple enemies but you
actually have to a pumpkins small
pumpkins give you like one bar back
large pumpkins give you I think for
we're going to need a large pumpkin here
in a bit but
you can fire up words and this and there
will be another one there to piss us off
there's things swoop to kill you Shoop a
dupe but no yeah you'll get to see
various fun things like that in our
witchery if your religion doesn't let
you watch things about which is
pretending to be mega man boy do I pity
you just because your religion is a
religion yes and here's one of the most
fun parts now there are two ways to take
care of this the easy but somewhat
longer way or and the hard and
incredibly dangerous but fast way and
that was neither that was just jumping
right into him you try and land right on
that very edge platform and turn around
and immediately shoot him and I did it
in the test play but and yes just as in
Mega Man spikes are instant instant
death we've got the little hard hat guys
from megaman here except for they're
made of Springs they die pretty easy
can obviously only shoot them at that
point I wish I had a little more life
for this just because this is one of
those things that the game loves to
throw at you as one of its sold chat all
nice but the pumpkin way up there where
I can't get it seemingly i'm just too
lazy to actually go up there and get it
at this point because you'll see what we
have to do here now look I can't jump
off this wall so what am I going to
possibly do and you want to see this
earlier if I took the long route in that
last room we wouldn't be a witch without
a broom boom that's right it's a
platform a movable platform changes
directions whenever you hold the
direction in fire it gets to be really
really annoying in later levels because
you've got to go through basically mazes
of enemies round 11 clear and we escaped
our death only to die well that's the
gist of my preview video hey large
pumpkins will go ahead and recharge
before I save well I got us back to full
health anyways this has been let's play
Korean conquest the game about witches
fighting robots because when all else
fails hammer that pitch in the gut